Penny, | know we've only
known each other a little while,
and I know this is crazy.
But...
(CLEARS THROAT) Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God! (PANTS)
Will you take this leap
with me?
Of course I will.
This is gonna be a perfect
marriage of adrenaline and danger.
Now let's BASE jump.
Shall we?
Okay!
PENNY: Ooh, pretty.
Okay.
All right.
You ready?
Yeah.
Yeah?
BOTH: One, two, three!
And I'm gonna
take the stairs!
Oh, God, Penny. What
is the matter with you?
You are so pathetic. It's like,
what are you so scared of?
Take a risk
for once in your... Whoa!
(SCREAMING)
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Ow! Oh!
Ow! Ow!
(MAX LAUGHING) Oh!
(LAUGHING) Oh, my God!
Oh, no, oh, no.
What a schlemiel!
| never get tired
of watching this!
How did she manage to
fall around the landings?
Oh, guys, guys, guys, guys, you
know that I love a Penny pile-on
as much as the next
slut. Oh, damn right.
But that was a massive fall, and
we should all thank our lucky stars
that Penny made it
out of there unscathed.
Agreed.
Amen.
PENNY: Uh, friendos? | did
not make it out unscathed.
I'm extremely scathed.
(IN STRAINED VOICE)
| know! (SQUEALS)
Classic Penny! It was
the word! It was the word!
BRAD: I'm sorry
but it's funny.
Serious, though,
Dave and I have some big,
potentially
earth-shattering news.
Now, we don't wanna
freak anybody out. No.
But, Alex and Dave
are casually seeing
each other.
Oh, we knew that.
Gross. (SNOOTY VOICE) And
it's the least interesting pairing
since chicken piscati
and pinot gris.
What?
(NORMAL VOICE) Sorry. I've
been watching a lot of Frasier.
| know you're all
terrified right now,
and clearly, that is why
you're lashing out at us,
but don't worry. We're not
gonna let this thing get too serious,
because Alex and Dave,
much like Dave's new haircut,
are keeping it cazsh.
Oy vey.
Trust us, the last thing we want
is for things to get complicated
like in It's Complicated.
Oh.
So we're just gonna go
with it, like in Just Go with It.
And be friends with benefits
like in No Strings Attached.
Guys, could the focus
please be back on me, okay?
And could someone put
this chip in my chip hole?
I'm so hungry.
No, Max, don't do it.
(PENNY SCREAMING ON
LAPTOP) Wait. Are you still falling?
(ALL LAUGHING)
Okay, laugh it up.
It's like a slinky
with breasts.
(CONTINUES LAUGHING)
You guys, not cool. | died for
two minutes in the ambulance.
What?
(FUNK MUSIC PLAYING)
Wow. Babe, I am loving you
in that robe.
You look so happy
and so relaxed.
Thanks, byabe.
You were right.
Getting laid off has been
really good for me.
| mean, it was
a little weird at first,
because I've basically
had a job
since I was in, like,
seventh grade.
Well, now you can
finally take a break,
and you can start working
on those hobbies
that you've been
putting off forever. Right?
Like your dance-cooking.
Mmm!
And your candle making. Mmm-hmm.
And I know you
didn't forget about
this guy!
(GASPS)
SinBrad!
What's up, my dude?
(LAUGHING)
Oh, no, you didn't!
Get him! Get him,
get him, get him.
(SQUEALS)
(LAUGHS)
(DEEP VOICE) Yo' mama
so fat, she died.
(LAUGHS)
(NORMAL VOICE)
Sorry, I...
That was just sad more
than anything. Yeah.
Yeah, I need to practice.
It's a little rusty. It's pretty sad.
Yeah, but you know what
the best part of all of this is?
Hmm? Is that we've been
able to hang out so much more.
| mean, I have been coming
so hard home from work
just 'cause I'm excited
to have dinner with you.
| mean, when you were
working, we hardly spent
any time together,
and I know this is crazy,
but I was scared that
eventually we were gonna turn
into one of those couples that just
slowly drifts away from each other.
Babe, that will
never be us, okay?
Now you go to work and make
that money for Papa. Yeah.
All right? Mmm.
Mmm.
I'll just be here
chillin' all day. Mmm!
Thinking about you. Thinking
about me. Mmm! Mmm?
Think about you, naked.
Ooh!
(LAUGHS)
(MOANING) (DEEP VOICE)
Let me get some of this.
No. (LAUGHS)
Oh!
Spank it.
(SINGSONGY) Have fun!
Bye, baby.
(DEEP VOICE) All right, now.
(LAUGHS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Huh!
(WHISPERS) Yeah.
(CHUCKLES) Give me this.
Ah! Man,
| love the workplace.
Fluorescent lights,
stale coffee,
and the sweet sound of men
quoting classic comedies.
Yo, Williams!
You my boy, blue!
Yeah. So I got that goin'
for me, which is nice. Okay.
Vince Vaughn!
Eh, not great!
(CHUCKLES)
Ah. Daddy's home.
Huh!
So I was thinking about it,
and I think you and Dave casually
dating is actually a great idea.
Yo, yo!
Here's your drink, friend.
Bro. Bro V. Wade.
Bromaine lettuce.
So what's the damage
on my bevvy?
We go Dutch.
It's more cazsh.
Actually,
the drinks were free.
That bartendress over there
was flirting with me,
but I did not flirt back.
| swear, dawg.
Oh. Well...
Uh, you know what?
It's totally cool,
Because... (SCOFFS)
flirting is in bounds, Bro...
Lin, comma James,
husband of Streisand,
comma Barbra!
Okay. Okay,
brovine growth hormone.
Here's to
keeping it cazsh.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Well, I'm out!
You two have fun
talking like two
of Scott Caan's groomsmen.
Yeah.
So, what do you
wanna do now?
Mmm, I don't know.
What do two pals do
on a Tuesday afternoon?
Oh!
(SINGSONGY) Most
casual sex ever! Totally.
Okay, I'm coming.
Mmm-hmm.
Al right.
Ooh!
We have your hot
but not too hot tea,
your cool
but not too cool pillow.
Oh! (CHUCKLES)
And...
a crustless sando
for baby.
Aw, you're so sweet for
taking care of me, Max.
(GROANS)
Ooh,
| hate to be this girl,
but I do see some residual
crust on that sandwich.
And I thought that I'd made
myself pretty crystal clear
when I told you I wanted zero crust
whatsoever 'cause it hurts my teeth.
Did you not feel
| was clear?
No, I felt you were
very clear. Okay.
I'm just gonna remove
the crust. Thank you.
And here we go.
Okay. (GROANS)
Oh, there's no crust
on this sandwich.
But all your chitchatting
has left my tea cold.
Okay. Do you know what,
Pen?
| have been busting my humps
being your male nurse,
because I genuinely
love these gift baskets.
And to a lesser extent, you, you
know, "cause we're best friends
and we love each other
and all that barf,
but you are
the worst patient ever.
So if you will excuse me,
I'm taking this gift basket
and this gift basket
with the salami,
and you are coming
with me. This is rich!
And I will say to you...
Good day, sir!
Good day to you, madame!
(IMITATES BRITISH ACCENT)
Oh, get out of here, monsignor!
| will see you later,
guv'nor!
(SINGSONGY) Hello.
(CHUCKLES)
Hey, you.
I'm Kent. Uh, Penny's
new physical therapist?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, you brought her some
gift baskets. What a good friend.
Ugh!
Well, two things you
should know about me, Kent.
I'm selfless
and have moves like Jagger,
specifically the ones he allegedly
used on David Bowie in the 70's.
Huh.
Whoal! Al,
what is with this outfit?
You look like the Olsen Twins'
burnout brother, Larry Kate Olsen.
Come on. His middle name
is also Kate?
You're obviously
dressed like this
because you slept
at Dave's,
and you like wearing his clothes,
which is the opposite of casual.
You, sister, are in a serious
relationship. (WHISPERS)
What? No, his shirts
are just comfy, okay?
We're totally cazsh.
We slept head-to-toe.
It doesn't count.
(CHUCKLES) It counts.
I'll tell you
what doesn't count.
The Miami Heat's
most recent NBA Championship.
It was an injury-plagued,
strike-shortened season.
Therefore, LeBron
still needs six rings
to even get in the
conversation with Jordan.
Are you done?
No.
Also, Chris Bosh looks like one of
Omar's boyfriends from The Wire.
Whatever, Jane, okay?
Dave and Alex are not
serious, okay? Mmm.
In fact, would someone
in a serious relationship
ask this smoking hot
bartendress for her number
so that her and Dave
could go out on a date?
| don't know what you're...
That makes no sense.
Well, watch me.
Yo, yo, yo, Karissa. Yo.
What's up?
You remember my boy Dave
you were making suck-eyes at?
Well, he's sweating you, so if you
give me your digits, he'll hit you up.
Great.
(SQUEALS)
Yep. Yep.
(GRUNTS)
(NEW AGE MUSIC PLAYING)
Careful of my hammy.
(CELL PHONE RINGS)
Oh.
(MOUTH FULL) I should
get this for Penny.
(GASPS) If that's the doctor,
will you ask if I can still
get out of this cast
tomorrow? Yeah.
Hey, Doc.
Tomorrow?
Ooh, careful.
(GRUNTING)
(LOWERED VOICE)
Nah, you know what?
Penny's actually
in Bolivia.
Turns out a body cast is
perfect for narcotraficante.
I'll hit you up if she
makes it out the game.
(SMACKS LIPS) Peace.
(PHONE BEEPS) Pen, I
got some bummer news.
Doc says you're gonna
have to be in that cast
for at least
another week.
Another week?
But this thing sooks.
Yeah, it's about
to get a lot sookier.
Doc prescribed double the
amount of physical therapy.
No, no, no, no.
And, Kent?
Doc also prescribes that you're
gonna have to start showing up here
in bike shorts and a Jim
McMahon jersey from now on.
Doc's orders.
Sounds like an odd request,
but I'm in.
(CHUCKLES)
Huh.
Ah!
Careful! Go long, go long. Ah!
Max!
Yeah, I've just been, uh,
making candles all day.
Also worked with SinBrad
for a while,
getting pretty bad at it,
which is how SinBrad
says "good"
because he's got
a 90's sensibility.
You are so hot when you're
hobbying. | could just eat you up.
(CHUCKLES) How about instead, you eat my
beef bourguignon I've been braisin' all day?
Mmm!
See you at dinnie, babe.
Mwah.
(WHISTLING)
(GRUNTS)
(IMITATES FOREIGN
ACCENT) Dinner is served. Oh!
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
This looks delicious!
Doesn't it?
(GASPS)
And these candles,
beautiful.
You've got so much done today,
my little stay-at-home husband.
Mmm.
My cute little, Mr. Wife.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
My wifey. My girl.
My little girl.
My bitch. You bitch.
(CLENCHES TEETH) Who's my
tiny, miniature bitch? Oh, all right.
You know, I felt it
after the second "bitch."
Ugh. You guys are in such
a serious relationship.
Yeah, we're married.
Sucks for you!
Really, Alex? Sucks for us? Mmm.
Why don't you tell us how
keeping it cazsh is going, huh?
You're here, uninvited.
What's Dave up to?
Well, Jane,
if you must know,
Dave is currently getting
his goatee highlighted
in anticipation
of his date tomorrow
with that hot bartendra,
Karissa.
Say what?
(CLENCHES TEETH)
What? Huh? Oh, huh?
So what are you trying
to accomplish with all this
dating other people
stuff, hmm?
It's simple. Dave will
go out with a hot-ass ho.
They'll have some sex.
They'll fall in love. Excuse me.
(IN DEEP VOICE)
Mmm-mmm. Mmm-mmm-mmm.
That girl so wack, her first
name should be Nick Nack Paddy.
Oh, snap!
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Yello, you got Penny.
Hey, Doc.
What?
No, who told you
| was in Bolivia?
(SINGSONGY) Pennis...
Best friend comin' in hot
with a refill.
Okay, I'm gonna
call you back.
I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
Hey, Max.
That was my travel agent.
Just thinking about taking
kind of a post-cast trip,
for when I'm ready
to get back out there,
but I don't know
where to go.
Where should I go? You... You
have any ideas of good countries
that are say, I don't know,
in South America?
(SCOFFS) No. Why are you
using a travel agent?
The only travel agent you
need is a time travel agent,
take you back to a time when
people still used travel agents.
Yes! Max, keep it cool,
but you're jazzed.
Bolivia. What do you
know about Bolivia?
Mmm, I heard it's beautiful.
In fact, Lonely Planet calls it
"The house that Raul Julia built,"
and I'm caught.
| can't believe you've been holding
me hostage in my own body cast!
You're misery-ing me!
I'm sorry that
I'm misery-ing you.
It's just, I'm so hard
crushing on Kent right now.
Onh, well, your precious Kent
is in for a crude awakening
when I tell him what
a horrible person you are.
You're right.
| done you dirty.
| done, done you dirty,
girl, and I am sorry.
What do you say,
you get back into bed,
grab another sip
on the old tea.
We'll call the doctor
and maybe we get this thing
taken off in the morning, okay?
Okay. But I have to say,
| am really tired.
(YAWNING) Tired.
I'm so tired of this...
Tie, tie, oh...
(GASPS)
You sleepy-tead me.
Mmm-hmm.
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(NASAL VOICE) Sleepington's,
Nature's Lullaby.
| guess now Kent will have
to do all those stretches
that he was supposed
to do on you, on me.
But even four bags
shouldn't make me this tired.
Mmm, Lunesta.
(PILLS RATTLE)
Nature's ambien.
(SLOWLY) You are a
monster. (DOORBELL RINGS)
Ooh! There's Kent.
(SINGSONGY)
Fluff out the chesties.
What?
So basically, Alex and |
are like Tango & Cazsh
or...or Franklin & Cazsh
or Rizzoli & Isles & Cazsh.
Now I know that last one
isn't that good,
but she said it once, and we
both thought it was really cute,
so we both kept saying it.
(GIGGLING) Oh, cool!
That sounds hilarious.
Yeah.
And you guys are really okay
with each other dating other people?
It's totally cool.
Dave!
(GASPS) Dave!
You guys go here?
Al.
Who's this... Enormous?
I'm Julian.
And?
I've been in Playgirl.
(CHUCKLES)
(CELL PHONE BUZZING)
Hey, boobs.
No, just workin'
on my hobbies.
Cute.
Why don't you take a breather
and meet me for a drink?
Ah, babe,
you know I'd love to,
but I just, um, uh,
stepped into a bubble bath.
(WATER SPLASHES)
Ah!
Oh, that is
a much better idea.
| am gonna come so hard home
right now and hop in that tub with you.
(SINGSONGY) Uh! We could
play Loch Ness Monster.
(HIGH-PITCHED VOICE) Okay!
(GRUNTS) Stall her!
(WHIMPERS)
Ah! Hurry up!
(SINGSONGY) Who's ready
for a Nessie sighting?
Hey! (LAUGHS)
It's about time, byabe.
I've been in this tub so long,
I'm starting to look
like a California raisin.
Ooh. Just let me slip into
something a little more naked.
Mmm. (CHUCKLES)
(DOOR SHUTS)
Oh! Ugh!
Oh, my God. Are you...
Damn! Why are you in a suit?
(CHUCKLES) Um, well,
funny, funny story.
Um, so you know I said
| haven't been working
for the last three weeks?
Mmm-hmm.
(LAUGHING) Well, I've been
working for the last three weeks.
Surprise.
(LAUGHS) Come here.
No, no, no, no. No, no,
no. Let me get this straight.
(SCOFFS)
Hmm?
You've been lying to me
for three weeks?
(SCOFFS) Yeah, well, when
you put it like that, yeah!
Look, baby,
I'm... I'm sorry.
| love you?
No.
(SCOFFS)
(GRUNTING) I want it!
Oh, yeah! Mmm-hmm!
(GRUNTING)
You feel that in the
glute? It's real tight. Yeah.
(STRAINED VOICE) Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Ah. The music's
pretty good, huh?
Yeah.
It's my one-man experimental
band called Yoko Uno.
Oh. Nice.
(GRUNTS) Mmm!
Kent? Kent!
Help me!
Kent!
(SLURRING)
Max is misery-ing me!
He's like Kathy Bates,
only way fatter!
Ah! Oh!
(THUD)
You hear that?
Could be anything. Except for Penny,
because she is confirmed asleep.
Let's just crank up
the uno.
(MUSIC VOLUME INCREASES)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
Please.
(GROWLS)
So, this is nice.
Mmm-hmm.
Karissa, uh, Dave tells me
that you're from Florida.
Yeah. Miami. Go, Heat!
(GIGGLES)
Ah! (CLEARS THROAT)
Uh-oh.
(BOTH MOANING)
Wait, wait.
This is obviously
not working.
Seems like it's working just
fine to me, but don't over think it.
No, no.
Not that. I mean this whole
keeping-it-cazsh thing.
Honestly, I don't wanna
see anybody else.
Neither do I. | mean, when I
saw you with Karissa today,
it took everything
in my tiny body
not to slap the crunchy curl
out of her hair
and send her back to whatever
monster truck backseat she was born in.
What makes you think she
was born in a monster truck?
She said she was
from Florida.
You know, Wendy Williams said
something on her show yesterday
that really resonated
with me.
She said, "Girl,
"you cannot move backwards
in a relationship."
So what do we do, girl?
| guess we move forward.
(WHISPERS) Come here.
Be sure to show Penny
those stretches.
Yeah, definitely.
Hey, I don't know
if this would be weird,
but maybe you wanna go
get a drink sometime?
Yeah, I'd like that. Call me,
and... and tell Penny I say hey.
Yeah.
Tell her yourself!
Penny?
Max is a complete phony.
He has been
misery-ing me.
He lied about
my doctor's appointment,
then he drugged me
to be alone with you.
Then I escaped.
Then I got caught
in this gate, peed on,
and grafittied
by a bunch of kids,
although on the plus side, |
seriously think this might be a banksy.
Max, is this true?
Yes, but, Kent,
... I did it for us.
When we're together and we're
looking into each other's faces...
You know what? Forget it. I'm a
skeeze. Get the hell out of here.
You wanna get a calzone?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Please, Pen, I'm sorry.
It's just,
I'm boy-crazy right now.
You know what that's like. You
would've done the same thing to me.
What? I would never...
Oh! I actually did do
the same thing to you.
Tell him yourself!
Wow. We really are perfect
for each other.
You sure you're gay?
You tell me. Right now, I'm writing
a Hot in Cleveland spec script,
and I just had sex with Kent
in your powder room, so...
All the best ones are gay.
Or dating your friend.
Zip it. I thought we were never
gonna talk about my whole Dave thing.
| don't even feel that way
about him anymore.
Although if Alex were to, say,
move away or become dead
and asked me to marry him
in her absence,
| would certainly consider it for
her sake and for Dave's sake, but...
| was talking about this
hot guy Gregg that I met
who's now dating
my friend Tim.
Oh. Me, too.
Sure, you are.
Come here.
Bring it in.
Can't do anything
but bring it in. I'm here.
Brad, shouldn't you be
getting ready for work?
Or do you have your suit on
under your robe? Huh?
Jane, I am really sorry
that I lied.
Whatever. I don't wanna hear
another word from you.
(DEEP VOICE) What about from
me, baby girl? (GASPS) Ahem.
Come on, skinny stack.
Brad's sorry. Hear the man out.
Oh, you have gotten really
good at that. (WHISPERS) I know.
(NORMAL VOICE) Babe, you were
right about me needing some time off,
so I quit that job.
Really?
Yeah.
Look, job or no job,
| Just, I want you to do
what's gonna make you happy.
| know. But listen,
spending all this time
working with SinBrad has
made me realize something.
He's more than
just a dummy.
Oh.
He's the perfect
metaphor for my life.
You see, SinBrad is me,
and my job is my hand.
Wait.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Not your best.
But I am done letting
work control me, okay?
We'll never drift apart.
My byabe.
Boo Bear.
BOTH: Mmm.
(BOTH MOANING)
Ain't no fun if the homies
can't have none.
Mmm! Mmm!
Oh! Brad, you can leave.
(INSTRUMENTAL EBONY AND IVORY
PLAYING)
& We all see
J That having a secret job
didn't work out for me
Oh!
J Jane was mad
(IN DEEP VOICE) & And Brad
fell out of the bath
| did.
J Meanwhile Max, huh
I Drugged
his good friend Penny
J In a half-body cast
I While Max gave Kent
a blast
J Ebony and Ebony
" Dave and Alex
are dating casually J
Hold up. Where are
those two honkeys?
ALEX: Hey, guys.
BOTH: We're moving in
together!
Terrible idea.
That's terrible.
That's a terrible idea.
BRAD: (IN DEEP
VOICE) Oh, snap! What?